---
layout: post
title:  "Novel Test #11"
date:   2015-03-23 21:03:00
categories: blog
---

Unnamed Project : General Concept Story
EN-209
Prologe
Eric Moreland rubbed his eyes as he awoke from the noise outside his door.
“What on earth is happening outside,” he said as he looked at his clock, “3:47 am, great I’ve been asleep for an hour,” he mumbled in sarcastic tone.
He had just moved into this apartment last week, and so far he was adjusting well. Considering that he had been kicked out of his own house this apartment was strangely comforting. It was like he could forget everything that had happened before, at least until this noise.
“Keep it down,” he blurted “It’s almost four in the morning”
Still the sounds continued, as he began to wake up the sounds started to become clear, they sounded like screams, and gun fire. As soon as this registered in his brain he felt a sharp pain in his neck. With a snap of his arm he reached for his neck as though to swat a bug, only there was no pummeled insect on his hand but a thick oily substance.
“What is this,”? He said surprised, “Was I shot,”? He thought.
He quickly realized he wasn’t shot. In the war he was shot plenty of times and this felt nothing like that, it felt more like a snowball than anything else only this snowball hurt more than any bullet. He looked at his hand again but before he could analyze the substance on his hand there was a strange cooling on his neck, then his chest, and soon his whole body. He opened his mouth to speak, and then everything faded.
Ch1
Startled by a sudden pressure in his head Eric struggled to focus his eyes. What he saw was not the inside of his apartment but a cold damp room with bland white walls covered in dirt. The air was thick and he had to use all his strength just to the air he needed. After some time the pressure wore off but left a sting as a reminder that it had been there. Every agonizing second that past seemed to last an eternity, he trying to ignore the feeling but it just became worse as if taunting him. He looked down towards his feet but was unable to see anything past the large metal bar that held him firmly to the table. He compared this room in his mind to every place he had ever been and couldn’t find anyplace worse, even the war camp he had spent 15 year in. 
“Hello?”He said in a weak voice. “Is there anyone here?” He squeezed out as the air left his lungs.
Winded and out of breath after two simple phrases he laid silent hoping someone would answer and that someone would be someone he wanted to answer. 
“I see you’re awake, Mr. Moreland.” “Did you sleep well?” a shallow pitch less voice sounded through the room.
Eric’s senses tried to find the source but he could not pin-point where the voice came from.
“Calm down Mr.Moreland” “You’re safe here.” The voice said in an almost cynical way.
“Who are you?” Eric asked “Why am I here?” “Where is here?” Eric’s mind raced as fast as his heart with the thought of each question.
“In due time Mr.Moreland, in due time” the voice said with a little chuckle.
Eric couldn’t see the man but he could just imagine the smile on his face when he said those words, and he didn’t like it one bit.
