---
layout: post
title:  "Novel Test #12"
date:   2015-03-23 21:03:00
categories: blog
---

Day 1

Chale moved the tattered rag from his face as he took a deep breath of the thin toxin tainted air. He continued to wipe his hand down his face and opened his eyes.
“My eyes should be used to this by now” He said to himself.
The cave he had found was mostly dark except for the few rays of light that poked through the ever thinning barrier between him and toxic storm that raged outside.
He had been per-suing a convoy when the storm came out of no where. In order to survive he was forced to find cover for the time being. Life had been like this ever since his journey started 4 years ago. If he had a mirror to look into he was sure he would no longer recognize himself. The years had pushed him, broken him, made him do things he never wanted to. He had thrown away his life, his family, all for a woman he hardly knew. 
It was too late to turn back now. After everything he might as well finish this. Even if he found her and saved her he know his pain would never end, not as long as those responsible were still alive.
“Aleka, any idea when this storm will pass” Chale weakly said into the radio.
He held the small outdated and mostly hacked together radio in his hand waiting for a response. He was greeting by only static.
“Aleka, are you there?” He said desperately.
“Yes, Chale go ahead” A small voice said from the radio.
“When is this storm going to end” He said.
“Maybe another 1 -2 hours” The overly pleasant voice responded.
Aleka was a small woman he had met one year into his journey. She was short about 5’ 2” had medium length red hair, and golden brown eyes. She had served in the .military as a silencer. Chale always though the reason for he over enthusiastic and silly behavior was her only way to cope with the things she had done. He know she wasn’t perfect but she was the only person willing to help him.
“Aleka?”
“Yes? What do you need?”
“Thanks” Chale said.
“My pleasure” Aleka responded in an almost serious tone.
“I guess were back as square one” Chale said lowing his voice with each word.
“Looks that way” The radio responded.
“Chale” Aleka said.
“Hmm”
“I’m sorry”.
