---
layout: post
title:  "Novel Test #10"
date:   2015-03-23 21:01:00
categories: blog
---

FIGURE-HEAD PROJECT PART 3
OFFICAL REPORT TO THE OFFICE OF *****
TRANSMISSION No.3 INTERCEPTED JAN 15, 2054 FROM NORTHERN STATION CAMERAS AND DESCRY No.4180

It’s so dark.
“Is anyone there?”
It’s that pain again!
“Stop, let go! What are you doing?”
Where am I?
 “That was a strange dream.”
Uh it’s late.
“That was intense, my head still hurts. Wait why does my head hurt? It did seem real, like it really happened. No, that can’t be right. I…I should go see Sera to see if she is ok. That will prove this I was just dreaming.”
The hallway seems quieter than normal.
Everyone is probably asleep already.
“I hope Sera’s awake.”
This is her room. I used to dream about coming here all the time, I’m kind of ashamed some stupid dream is what finally made me come here.”
“Who is it?”
“Sera, it’s me Isaac, can I talk to you?”
“Isaac, what’s wrong?”
“I guess nothing; I just had this weird dream.”
“Come on in, since you woke me up anyway. So tell me about this dream.”
“It was strange; you were there, only you were hurt. I ran to see how you were.”
I hope she doesn’t think I’m obsessed with her or something.
“Then some man came up to me and said if I follow him he would bring me to you, so I did. Then I felt a sharp pain in my head and woke up in a dark room. Then I woke up.”
Oh great, she’s looking at me like I’m crazy.
“That seems too crazy to be anything other than a dream.  Isaac you probably just ate something that gave you bad dreams. Plus I’m fine.”
That sounded almost like it was rehearsed for some reason.
What am I thinking?
This is Sera, I’ve been in love with her ever since I first met her, there is no way I should be suspicious of her.
But something’s not right about her.
Plus I’m sure Sera had a scar under her lip.
I must be seeing things it’s not like she could be some fake or something.
I really must have ate something strange, my thoughts are all scrambled.
“Isaac are you ok?”
“Yeah, I’m fine I was just thinking something crazy.”
“Oh, I wanna know”
“It’s nothing really.”
This is strange; normally I would never be able to hide anything from her, even something as stupid as this.
“Fine don’t tell me, and after you pulled that prank on me today and moved all the files on my desk.”
What? That was at least a month ago.
“Sera, I poured water on you today don’t you remember?”
“No, I know for sure you…. I mean oh yeah that was funny.”
“Ok tell me what you were thinking no please.”
That was really weird she just suddenly stopped, but I guess there’s no harm in telling her.
“It’s silly I was just thinking that you don’t have that scar anymore.”
“Oh yeah I had it removed.”
How does that work?
“Excuse me I have to go get something.”
“Ok, sorry to bother you I should go.”
“No, please stay a little longer.”
I must be dreaming now, Sera just asked me to stay now I know something’s not right here, but  She did ask me to stay though so I can’t just leave.
“Ok.”	
This is a little awkward, I’m finally in her room and I don’t know what to do. Should I stand up and wait by the door? Or should I just stay here and try to look normal. I wonder why she would have to get something from the hallway; all there is out there is bathrooms.
Maybe I’ll go with her to make this less awkward.
Wait what is she doing? I know that man. He is the one from my dream!
Does that mean that all that really happened? What should I do? If all that did really happen I need to get out of here.
But why would Sera help him?
“He’s right through here Sir in Sera Rain’s room.”
That’s Sera’s voice but why is she talking like she’s not Sera?
No, the doors opening I have to do something fast.

TRANSMISSION 3 ENDED
REFER TO TRANSMISSION 4 FOR MORE INFORMATION






